Team Phantom Tollbooth :: Clyde Sinclair, Fierce Dragon
APCS
LAB08 --
2022-04-05
time spent: <elapsed time in hours, rounded to nearest tenth>


DISCO


QCC


<TNPG>'s CSV FLOW:
<insert your description of your tools and workflow in creating, editing CSV files>


TRUBZ
<this lab involves using tools that are likely to introduce hiccups; log any troubleshooting issues here>

Activity 1

1. Discord, Google Classroom, Piazza
2. Piazza and Classroom collects your name, date of birth, mailing address. Discord collects our IP address, operating system information, browser information.
3. A delimited file is a sequential file with column delimiters. Each delimited file is a stream of records, which consists of fields that are ordered by column. Each record contains fields for one row. Within each row, individual fields are separated by column delimiters.
4. Look at the first cell in the column.
5. Two areas of interest are science and happiness.
6. What category of happiness from the world happiness report are we the most successful in worldwide? Specializing in what science would open the most career paths?
7. The World Happiness Reports has a lot of numerical data to answer my questions. https://worldhappiness.report/archive/
8. There are hundreds of records in the World Happiness Reports through the years. Larger data set means there is a higher chance of accuracy in answering the question at hand.
9. Classroom collecting the user’s OS and browser information allows Google to optimize this platform for those specific systems which would benefit users and bring even more customers in.
10. One way for websites to collect basic information is through the initial registration process, and another way is through cookies or third party scripts that collect information about a user’s OS and browser.
11. Sometimes, there are situations where the benefit provided from the data collected is worth the risk to personal privacy because sometimes this data can help the provider optimize their product specifically for one user and therefor making the product better and more convenient for this user and get more functionality out of it.
